fixes https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/issues/4064 (#4066)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/choreo-connect-overview.md

## Choreo Connect Components

> Choreo Connect consists of the following three components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect consists of the following three components:
```

> Choreo Connect comprises of the following three components, each of which play a vital role when processing requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect consists of the following three components, each of which plays a vital role when processing requests.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need the 'each of which plays a vital role when processing requests' part.
